Chris Alliman MD: Right, this is Dr. Solomon with a new patient intake for Bianca. BIANCA Garcia, date of birth is 10 319 87
Chris Alliman MD: Hello. Hi, I'm Dr. Alan. How are you today.
Bianca Garcia: I'm good, thank you. How are you
Chris Alliman MD: I'm doing well, thanks. Looks like we're going to talk about Suboxone this evening is that correct
Bianca Garcia: Yes, sub tasks.
Chris Alliman MD: Or right so i don't know too much about you.
Chris Alliman MD: So tell me your story about will study text and what's going on.
Bianca Garcia: Well i a ban on subjects, um, for a few years, roughly like four years I was in a clinic in Santa Fe, New Mexico for four years and then I moved to Albuquerque. And I've been with the new doctor up here for maybe
Bianca Garcia: Maybe a year, almost a year and
Bianca Garcia: We are now in agreement where I would look for another provider. Um, I just felt like she's not. I'm not getting like the patient care. I need there as opposed to how I used to, I guess, and so we just had an agreement where I just see her every two weeks until I find
Bianca Garcia: Another provider. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so tell me how you got started on sub you texts or what led into the need for that.
Bianca Garcia: I was doing prescription pills before I had started on there and I decided to stop in I found out I was pregnant so they had put me on
Bianca Garcia: stubby Tex, and after having my baby back then it since it works so well for me that I just stayed on that in the doctor thought that it would be best, since it was working for me.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And what pills were you using
I'm
Bianca Garcia: Like oxy code owns and
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, how did you get started using the bills.
Bianca Garcia: Sure. To be honest, I guess.
Bianca Garcia: I was them. I guess I was just hanging with the wrong crowd. And I mean, it takes a short period of time to get dependent on them. So as soon as I realized that and realized I was also pregnant. I stopped. Okay, very good.
Chris Alliman MD: Um, how much oxy codeine, were you using at the time.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, then
Bianca Garcia: Probably like nine a day nine like 10s a day. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, let me check in here and a few other things, just so I get to know you a little bit better any allergies to medications.
Bianca Garcia: Um, I think guy. Well, I once I tried it once before I have like a allergic reaction on my tongue to the proximal on our box in but other than that. I'm every other medicine. I have not had any
Chris Alliman MD: And you, I heard you say naproxen, is that correct
Bianca Garcia: Yes, I believe that's the the stuff in this Suboxone
Bianca Garcia: Oh naloxone okay there. There you go.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and what happened with it.
Bianca Garcia: Um, my tongue got like
Bianca Garcia: Swell
Bianca Garcia: And I have asthma. So it made my breathing a little difficult. Mm hmm.
Chris Alliman MD: And when was it
Bianca Garcia: Oh, this was a long time ago. It's probably been like those four years ago. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Any other allergies to medications.
Chris Alliman MD: No. Okay. Do you take any medications regularly.
Bianca Garcia: Um, I, I have an inhaler. I take the buprenorphine.
Bianca Garcia: And I was taking some anxiety meds.
Bianca Garcia: I not recently it was like last month, or the month before
Bianca Garcia: I have not taken any of those which were
Bianca Garcia: I know they're big words I believe I have the bottles on me but um
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, there were four, is it okay
Chris Alliman MD: And are you seeing a psychiatrist.
Yes.
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: You are you will be
Bianca Garcia: Well, I have seen her. I just haven't seen her in this last month.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. Any other medications, besides the theater all inhaler. The SEBI texts and anxiety medication.
Bianca Garcia: No. Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: And what diagnoses. Do you carry besides the opioid use disorder, the asthma and the anxiety.
Bianca Garcia: That is it. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Very good. Any surgeries at any point
Bianca Garcia: Enough.
Good.
Chris Alliman MD: And do you smoke tobacco.
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you smoke.
Bianca Garcia: A cigarette a day.
Chris Alliman MD: One cigarette a day.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Sounds like you might be trying to quit.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: How much did you smoke before
Bianca Garcia: A few cigarettes a day.
Chris Alliman MD: Ever been like a half a pack or a pack a day.
Bianca Garcia: No. Not recently. No, a long time ago, but not any thing now. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And how are you quitting. What are you doing to quit.
Bianca Garcia: I'm
Bianca Garcia: I'm just, I don't know. I really don't have the cravings to smoke as much as I was so that's just it. Nothing special.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds good. What about alcohol. Do you drink alcohol.
Bianca Garcia: No, not at all.
Chris Alliman MD: Ever had an alcohol problem.
Bianca Garcia: No good.
Chris Alliman MD: And you mentioned the oxy code owns any other drugs that you've used along the way.
Bianca Garcia: No, that was my main problem. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Any other things that you kind of dabbled in
Bianca Garcia: I'm sorry.
Chris Alliman MD: Was there anything else that you might have dabbled in not using regularly, but a little bit
Bianca Garcia: No. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And no heroin injection
Chris Alliman MD: It's always want
Bianca Garcia: To check on. Okay. No, not at all.
Chris Alliman MD: Good, good.
Chris Alliman MD: Any illnesses run in your family.
Bianca Garcia: Um,
Bianca Garcia: Well, my mom had like this diary problem.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Any cancers.
Chris Alliman MD: Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Bianca Garcia: Oh no, sorry. Um, no, I don't think so. No. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: What about addiction issues. Any addiction problems in your family.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: So why did you initially want to get off the oxy Cotto and get on the the replacement therapy.
Bianca Garcia: Well I found out I was pregnant and I realize also that I was doing a lot
Bianca Garcia: A lot of
Bianca Garcia: Pills and so it was time to stop. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you ever overdose on the pills or have to go to the emergency room because of them.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you ever try and get off of them on your own.
Bianca Garcia: Um, yeah, it was difficult though.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, with withdrawal symptoms and cravings and yeah it was it was hard.
Chris Alliman MD: Were you able to do it for a period of time or not.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, yes I did do it once I'm cold turkey and it was very difficult. But, um, it just led back to relapse. Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Without any treatment or anything.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you go through rehab at any point
Bianca Garcia: I've done just the outpatient. Mm hmm. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: And what did you find helpful in that
Bianca Garcia: Of the counseling, a way when the doctor, he was my last doctor, he was really
Bianca Garcia: Good with his patients like he had individual care like really good on all of us and
Bianca Garcia: And we had to do the counseling and stuff like that. They're at the program. So I felt like that how what obviously did for those four years, it really good. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you been doing counseling. Since then, since those four years in Santa Fe.
Bianca Garcia: No app here it's a little different and kind of find a place where a lot of places are waiting lists.
Bianca Garcia: Find anywhere to
Bianca Garcia: Go, what would they give you the medication. And you also do it. It's like you have to get to a case of somewhere and then go to counseling somewhere else. So I was a little difficult. Sure, yeah.
I understand.
Right.
Chris Alliman MD: What is your living situation currently
Bianca Garcia: It's me, my spouse and our children.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and how will do the kids.
Bianca Garcia: A 12 seven
Bianca Garcia: Five and 11 months.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. The reason I ask is because I'm sure as you know medications like sub you texts and Suboxone can be the just the crumbs, or the residue that's left over is enough to cause kids to stop breathing.
Chris Alliman MD: So we always make
Chris Alliman MD: Sure we make sure our patients have Narcan the nasal spray at home, just in case something happens, right. We want you to be prepared for that.
Bianca Garcia: Well, I definitely have that I also keep my medications and the Lockbox I don't carry them around. I just take them when I'm supposed to and put them away my kids don't have reached to it, you do not see it. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Very good, very good.
Chris Alliman MD: And
Chris Alliman MD: Um,
Chris Alliman MD: Any addiction issues for your spouse is he in recovery also
Bianca Garcia: receive in return. Okay.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: And I always ask about last period because the medication can cause birth defects.
Chris Alliman MD: When was your last period.
Bianca Garcia: Um, it was like last week.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And are you on birth control.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. What do you take for birth control.
Bianca Garcia: I have the
Bianca Garcia: Plots in or what is cool. I don't know. I have it on my thing. The one that goes into arm.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, the next one.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, there you go.
Good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. And how do you spend the day, what do you do
Bianca Garcia: Well, I take care of my children. And that's mainly it, I go to their school activities pick them up, drop them off. So it's mainly around them, I, I'm the main caretaker for them. Very good.
Chris Alliman MD: And who else is a support for you as you're going through this process.
Bianca Garcia: Well, definitely my spouse. I also have immediate family, my mother.
Bianca Garcia: Sister that are supportive. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. I'm glad to hear that you've got that good circle of folks to rely on it's very, very important.
Chris Alliman MD: Any legal issues for you, parole, probation, anything like that.
Chris Alliman MD: No good and kind of an awkward question but were you abused as a child.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. We know that that can play into addiction issues at time so I always need to check in on that, just to make sure
Chris Alliman MD: Good. All right. We're going to run through a list of questions here.
Chris Alliman MD: Just kind of yes or no questions, thinking back to the time five years ago when you were using the oxycodone
Chris Alliman MD: It's not really about. More recently, it's more back then.
Chris Alliman MD: If you don't understand the questions we happy to repeat them for you. Just or rephrase them if you need to just let me know.
Bianca Garcia: Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: So we're the was the opiates taken in larger amounts or over a longer period of time than initially intended
Bianca Garcia: And larger amounts like mania is taking more
Bianca Garcia: Yep. Yeah, okay, and
Chris Alliman MD: I forgot to ask you this, when did you get started using the oxy codeine
Bianca Garcia: Um, let's see. Five years ago, I probably like 2013 14 okay. It was a little bit after like a little bit before or a while, a few years before I started the program.
Chris Alliman MD: Maybe two years of being on the pills.
Bianca Garcia: But yes, okay, roughly around there, somewhere around there.
Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: So going back to these questions. Was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down or control the use of the oxy Cotto
Bianca Garcia: Some more like it did. I want to cut down on it.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah. Yes. Um, well I pregnancy changes you and you want to do better. So that was number one priority. And going through that I just realized that I was overdoing it and and and it was a good star to stop so it helped me a lot. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Very good. Did you have to spend a lot of time trying to get the oxycodone, use the oxycodone or recover from the oxy codeine
Bianca Garcia: Definitely
Bianca Garcia: Using and finding them. Yes. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Where their cravings, or a strong desire to use them.
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did they cause failure to fulfill roles at work at school or at home.
Bianca Garcia: And not too much because I was a student, but it was obviously after a while it does start expecting when you start realizing, yeah. When you start overdoing it. So I'm glad I kind of realized by then.
Bianca Garcia: But yes, yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And did you continue using despite there being social or relationship problems worsened by the the oxy cotton.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up important social, occupational or recreational activities because of the oxy codeine
Bianca Garcia: Um,
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use the oxy codeine in situations that were physically hazardous like driving
Bianca Garcia: I'm sorry rephrase
Chris Alliman MD: So did you still use them in dangerous situations like a motor vehicles driving. Oh.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, we kind of situation. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you continue using despite knowing they could cause physical or psychological problems.
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you notice that this. So these two questions are very similar. Did you notice if you took the same amount. The same dose. They didn't work as well.
Bianca Garcia: After a while. Yes. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you notice, kind of, again, similar thing that you needed to take more to get the same effect.
Bianca Garcia: Yes. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you and it sounds like you went through with girls at some point, like we talked about
Previously, all right.
Chris Alliman MD: Besides the anxiety. Any other mental health issues, depression, PTSD anything there.
Now,
Chris Alliman MD: Right. Do you know your hepatitis C status.
Bianca Garcia: I do not have hip taxi.
Chris Alliman MD: Good always important.
Chris Alliman MD: To me taken on
Chris Alliman MD: And
Chris Alliman MD: We talked about the four
Chris Alliman MD: Kids, how many pregnancies. Have you had
Bianca Garcia: Five. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And what was one uh what happened with the other one.
Bianca Garcia: I have a son as well. But he comes and goes with his father. He goes with his father, and he comes with me. Let me bounce out for girls together, okay, I understand. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Now we're going to run through a list of questions. These questions are how you've been feeling over the last two weeks.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so not all the way back, but any fevers over the last two weeks.
Bianca Garcia: Uh yes like getting sick. You mean
Bianca Garcia: Like, yes. Yes. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Any night sweats.
Bianca Garcia: Not recently. No. Okay.
Chills
Bianca Garcia: No.
Fatigue.
Bianca Garcia: Vision changes. No.
vision loss.
Bianca Garcia: And know
Chris Alliman MD: Hearing changes.
Chris Alliman MD: No nasal congestion.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, bloody noses.
Bianca Garcia: Know,
Bianca Garcia: Lip sores know
Chris Alliman MD: Neck pain.
Chris Alliman MD: No coffee.
Bianca Garcia: No Chest pain.
Bianca Garcia: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Stomach pain.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Vomiting
Chris Alliman MD: Diarrhea
Chris Alliman MD: Constipation
No.
Chris Alliman MD: pain, pain with urination.
Chris Alliman MD: Change in hair texture.
Bianca Garcia: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Change in skin texture.
Bianca Garcia: No joint pains.
Bianca Garcia: Sometimes, yes. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Back pains.
Bianca Garcia: Sometimes, yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Muscle cramps.
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: And headaches.
Bianca Garcia: No.
Chris Alliman MD: See mood changes.
Bianca Garcia: Um, I don't think so. No.
Chris Alliman MD: No, okay, anxiety,
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Depression.
Chris Alliman MD: No sleep problems.
Bianca Garcia: Sometimes gets
Chris Alliman MD: Suicidal thoughts.
Chris Alliman MD: No hopelessness.
Bianca Garcia: Now worthlessness know
Chris Alliman MD: Hallucinations so good. All right. So sounds like in general that you're doing pretty well. Excuse me. I'm gonna sneeze.
Bianca Garcia: Bless you.
Chris Alliman MD: Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so now we get to do a bit of the the physical exam.
Chris Alliman MD: Right, which is a little bit interesting to try and do through the computer.
Chris Alliman MD: But watching you. You've been breathing normally. So I'm going to put a normal respiration rate of about 18
Chris Alliman MD: What's your height.
Bianca Garcia: By four and a half.
Chris Alliman MD: And what's your weight.
Bianca Garcia: 115 okay
Chris Alliman MD: And do you know how to measure your pulse.
Bianca Garcia: I know. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So let me see if I can teach you here because I'm going to have you count your pulse.
Chris Alliman MD: For six seconds.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so what I want you to do is on your wrist on your thumbs side.
Bianca Garcia: Like this. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: But, bring your fingers more towards the edge of your, your wrist. There you go right in there.
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Bianca Garcia: You got it good.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, I'm going to give you a start and stop counting yourself, the number of poses and then you'll give it to me at the end. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Ready, set, go.
Chris Alliman MD: Stop what you get.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. Excellent. So that gives us a post of 90
Chris Alliman MD: So that was that. Well, then the other part that I need you to do is just on camera.
Chris Alliman MD: On your stomach.
Bianca Garcia: Press on my stomach. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: Press on your stomach.
Bianca Garcia: Oh,
Bianca Garcia: Sorry.
Chris Alliman MD: That's all right.
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Can you bring the video.
Chris Alliman MD: Back on
Bianca Garcia: Oh, yes.
Chris Alliman MD: There we go.
Oh,
Bianca Garcia: So,
Good.
Bianca Garcia: So press on it right here.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, all over. And I just want to know if there's any tenderness, as you're pushing
Chris Alliman MD: No. Okay, very good.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's about the extent that we can do for the physical exam through the
Chris Alliman MD: Computer pretty limited.
Chris Alliman MD: So what do you know about our
Chris Alliman MD: Our program so far.
Bianca Garcia: Well, I've learned today.
Bianca Garcia: That you guys do eating disorder dependency opiate disorder.
Bianca Garcia: And that some doctors are here in Albuquerque, New Mexico video calling
Bianca Garcia: That's good.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so when we're working with medications like subdue texts or Suboxone we have people do weekly group visits.
Chris Alliman MD: Right here on zoom
Chris Alliman MD: Like we're doing now. But there'll be five to 10 people
Chris Alliman MD: That are dealing with similar issues, there'll be a physician, like myself, that will be in the group. And then there's also a therapist that's in the group. So at those weekly visits.
Chris Alliman MD: We check we do a medical check in to see how it's going with the medication. And that's very quick and that's when we refill medication to get to the next appointment and then for the rest of that visit the therapist leads kind of a group discussion group.
Chris Alliman MD: Education session. To learn more about it, so people can learn more about the addiction and kind of working their, their processes through things
Chris Alliman MD: Now it's a goal of our group to get people off the medication. That's what we want to have happen. We don't want to necessarily keep them on long term.
Chris Alliman MD: Or I guess I should say forever. It may take a long time to come off. But the goal is to have people be able to wean off. So the medications, just a patch for the short acting opiates.
Chris Alliman MD: Like the oxy codeine, of course subtext and Suboxone or long acting opiates, they just act like a patch or replacement. It's
Chris Alliman MD: Therapy part of things that people actually get better. They changed the mindset of how to deal with issues and they get better.
Chris Alliman MD: Through that so along with those weekly group visits. We also have weekly individual therapy sessions and that's where person meets one on one through zoom also with the counselor or with the therapist, so two appointments, a week, each of them are about an hour long
Chris Alliman MD: All through the convenience of the phone and the medication, typically we send them a prescription
Chris Alliman MD: Like at the group visit to get a person to their therapy visit and then we hear back that they've attended therapies. So, then another
Chris Alliman MD: Prescription goes back into get them to group time so initially for the first bout a month. There's two prescriptions each week to help keep a person tight in
Chris Alliman MD: Eventually that extends out to like the weeklies
Chris Alliman MD: From there, and then we then we work it as we need to, from there.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Does that sound doable for you.
Bianca Garcia: Yes. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: That sounds good. There's a group that I have currently that I think you would connect really well with um it's it's at Friday at 12 noon. Okay. Would that work out for you.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, that's fine. Okay.
Good.
Chris Alliman MD: What is your email address.
Bianca Garcia: B as in Boy via
Bianca Garcia: 50521 at GMAIL. COM
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so be Garcia 505201
Bianca Garcia: Kill one at gmail
Chris Alliman MD: To one, I'm sorry to one at GMAIL. COM
Bianca Garcia: Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: So you've been taking Suboxone pretty regular the the sub you text pretty regularly. Is that right,
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Okay. And how many do you typically take a day.
Bianca Garcia: 16 milligrams eight milligrams
Bianca Garcia: In the morning, and eight milligrams at the evening. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Good, so
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you still have at this point.
Bianca Garcia: Uh, none.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. When did you run out.
Bianca Garcia: This morning
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, gotcha, gotcha. So any withdrawal symptoms or problems at this point with it.
Bianca Garcia: I'm a little bit. It's not too bad is since I it was this morning, but I usually take one now so
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Are you gonna
Chris Alliman MD: Are you going to be able to get to the pharmacy this evening.
Bianca Garcia: That's my goal.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: So we'll get it sent in for you, so we can get that worked out.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, absolutely. No. Usually, you know, the as you mentioned subtext is used when a person is pregnant because it is missing that in the locks own component where
Chris Alliman MD: Which helps prevent or deter a person as other people from using it or abusing it in appropriately without that we get a little more touchy about it now. I hear what you were saying about the the allergy and the swelling of the tongue. You had to the lock zone.
Chris Alliman MD: We just want to be really careful with this, of course, just to be blatant about it. The medication is for you. It's not for anybody else. Right.
Chris Alliman MD: Right selling it not giving it away to friends or anyone like that.
Bianca Garcia: Oh no, I need it. I cannot do. Good, good.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so we'll get that worked out and I'll get that sent into your pharmacy today. I'm also going to send a send you an email with the information about our group on Friday.
Chris Alliman MD: That goes from 12 to one now.
Chris Alliman MD: It goes from 12 to one. But you need to check in ahead of time through the virtual clinic.
Chris Alliman MD: About 20 to 30 minutes ahead of time.
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The virtual clinic is like going in the front door of a, of an office. It's like calling on the phone. There's always a line and there is always paperwork to get done right.
Bianca Garcia: The second
Chris Alliman MD: The check in. Exactly, exactly. So we don't want you calling in at 1155 thinking that you're going to make it to group on time, because it's just not going to happen.
Chris Alliman MD: So calling in that 20 to 30 minutes ahead of time allows you to get stuff done when it's available, they will send you the zoom room number like they did today.
Bianca Garcia: And then you'll be able to get into group. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Does that sound okay to you.
Bianca Garcia: Yes. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: We definitely want you to be present, the whole time. So I know I hear what you said. You've got the kids at home. Right. And so we understand that but trying to be sitting to be quiet. No hat. No smoking, we often recommend having a notebook and a pen readily available like a recovery journal
Chris Alliman MD: Because sometimes things need to be written down so that can be that's I would encourage you to have that ready for this Friday also
Bianca Garcia: Okay, well, do
Chris Alliman MD: The therapist. Her name is Glenn, she's, she's really good. She does a great job with people. She lives in Miami, Florida.
Bianca Garcia: Now,
Chris Alliman MD: So her timeframe is a little bit ahead of our head of New Mexico's
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: But she does a wonderful job with people and I think she'll be a good therapist for you. She really pushes people to help them along with the recovery and she's
Chris Alliman MD: Definitely encourages people also to work towards getting off the medication at the appropriate time. We don't rush it. But we do kind of would push it.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, that's, that's probably what I mean.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, it sounds like you've been on it here for a few years.
Chris Alliman MD: And that's fine. There's nothing wrong with that. But learning to get off of it and we can help you through the process. Everyone gets concerned about the withdrawals like
Chris Alliman MD: That
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Afraid of that. But we decrease it by a very small amount each time. So,
Bianca Garcia: The weenie. Yeah, meaning it's very doable. Yeah. All right, good.
Chris Alliman MD: What questions do you have Bianca.
Bianca Garcia: I don't have a question right now, but I do want to say that I'm breastfeeding an infant right now.
As well.
Bianca Garcia: You know that
Bianca Garcia: Yeah yeah
Chris Alliman MD: That sounds good. I'll, I'll look at that. But obviously, you've been taking the sub you text I think not having the no oxygen is a good idea and
Bianca Garcia: It has helped me like I have not done Suboxone like an a program and but throughout the whole time. It's helped me stay sober clean and more functional. So it has helped a lot.
Bianca Garcia: And also a Friday is perfect. My kids will be in school, they get out at two, so I'll just have the baby, but I can have my spouse help with the baby. Well, I do the meeting. So that works perfect
Bianca Garcia: I'm not sure if you have anything else.
Bianca Garcia: I don't
Chris Alliman MD: I don't think so, basically, what I'm going to do is send in the prescription for today. So what's today Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday.
Chris Alliman MD: So four days of medication, so that you've got the medication during the group time and you're not worried or going through withdrawals while we're meeting as a group, so
Bianca Garcia: Want to make sure you're stable and
Chris Alliman MD: That's the time that you'll meet Gwen, for the first time she's not going to be in touch with you before, then I will work at scheduling a therapy session with you at that point.
Chris Alliman MD: Most of her availability is in the morning, because again, she's a few hours ahead of us. So think about what you have available in the morning and what
Bianca Garcia: Will work for you.
Bianca Garcia: Okay, so after I go to the class Friday, then it's once a week or twice a week.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, it'll be twice a week for the first month basically as we kind of get you settled.
Chris Alliman MD: Into the program.
Chris Alliman MD: If you show up.
Chris Alliman MD: To all of the groups and you show up to all of your therapy sessions, there shouldn't be a difficulty in pushing that out to weeklies to make it more convenient.
Bianca Garcia: Okay. Alrighty. That's
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, sounds good. Bianca, thank you very much for your time and I'm excited for you. I think this will work out pretty well.
Bianca Garcia: Me too. Thank you. Thank you for your time. It was nice meeting you.
Chris Alliman MD: Nice meeting you too. And I'm going to get that medication sent in right away. Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Thank you, sir. You better not like
Chris Alliman MD: Alright so finishing off the education on this patient say compression patient with substance abuse and anxiety symptoms level of stress is moderate glutes economic and relationship problems relationship stressors are minor
Chris Alliman MD: Patient has a strong sense of self, good object relations and appears concrete on the exam patient deny reports history of psychiatric treatment know hospitalizations.
Should have her pregnancy review of systems.
Chris Alliman MD: Her vital signs and physical exam so assessment and plan.
Chris Alliman MD: F 11 to zero will continue will use a continuation plan and will continue buprenorphine parentheses sub detects eight milligrams one tab twice a day will make a prescription for four days to get patient to her group visit her group will be every Friday from 12 to one.
Chris Alliman MD: With myself and Gwen.
Chris Alliman MD: Therapy will be
Chris Alliman MD: Established at that time, the MP reviewed shows three prescribers 10 pharmacies last Phil was January 27 for 10 days.
Chris Alliman MD: Patient reports taping taking buprenorphine eight milligram tablets twice a day.
All right.
Thank you.